what's going on guys it's Joey here
today with another awesome mob of the
Dead video and today I'm gonna be
showing you where all the bottle
locations are for a mob of the dead so
each time I'm gonna show you a bottle
I'm gonna start from the spawn room so
right now we are in the spawn room all
you do is you go into library which is
still in the spawn room and this there
will be a bookshelf right here and the
bottom will be right here when you click
it you'll hear an activation sound so
we're in the spawn room once again and
now I'm going to show you where the
second music bottle location is so this
time we'll be taking a left and going
upstairs
just follow this pathway cross the
bridge keep going go down the stairs and
we'll meet we'll be at the mp5k now
there will be a gate right here next to
mp5k you it took me $1,000 just to open
it and then infirmary I'm not sure how
much money this is it's either 750 or a
thousand but you're gonna have to open
this go upstairs and from this hallway
make I'll make a left
keep going down the hallway
going to the screen room the bottle will
be right here alright guys we're back at
the spawn room and this time we're going
for the third music bottle so we're
gonna take our right this time and we're
gonna go into the CD Street you can see
that we're gonna go up this little ramp
we're gonna go up the stairs and where
it says Broadway we're gonna keep going
straight straight and it's gonna keep
saying Michigan Michigan just keep going
straight and you'll see this thing
called the gondola so what you want to
do is to open this gondola you have to
go into the Paranormal Activity so where
that is is you enter that flight
you come over here you shock it so I'll
be powering on revive over yourself now
go on the gondola it cost 750
this will take us to the docks
so just go down this this staircase
you'll see a gun on the wall turn left
and right here is the next model so
again guys the third and last bottle is
going to be right here next to a little
block thing and light post so hope you
guys liked the video